Now you've gotten a lot of practice with sage maker.
In this last deployment lesson,
you'll look at one more application; time series forecasting.
An example of a time series is something like
the temperature of a place measured every hour over a day,
or the price of stocks as they rise and fall over time.
Time series forecasting is all about looking at
historical data and using it to try to predict the future.
In this lesson, we'll specifically talk about
choosing a context length and a prediction length.
The context length defines the amount of data
recorded in the past that an algorithm will see as input.
For example, we could give a model a month's worth of weather data.
Then ask it to use that data to form a prediction over some length of time,
like predicting the weather for the next week.
During the training process,
we'll actually compare the predicted output to some known real data in that time frame.
So we do have a target.
Now as an example,
say you know that it's been sunny for an hour today.
This is your context.
What do you think the weather will be like in the next hour?
Well, it might be a good prediction to say that it will still be sunny.
But what if I asked you to predict the weather for next week,
given only this one sunny hour for context?
That becomes much harder.
You don't have enough context to know what a typical week of weather looks like.
Generally, the more contexts you're given,
the more you'll be able to notice about patterns and data over time.
So a longer context length will often result in better predictions.
Conversely, your predicted output values become more uncertain over time.
Next, you'll learn about different strategies for approaching time series analysis.
You'll go from data exploration to model deployment and sage maker.
By the end of this lesson,
you'll be able to employ similar strategies to
analyze any time series data that interest you.